fix: customer migration from shopware 6.7 (#37)
shopware/SwagMigrationAssistant: CHANGELOG.md

# 15.0.3
- Fixed translations of error groups missing details like the entity

> - Fixed handling of customers without default payment method in Shopware 6.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed handling of customers without default payment method in SW6.7 migrations
```
